# ⌨️ Command line usage

```plaintext
way-edges [OPTIONS] <COMMAND>
```

Use simply `way-edges` or add `--help` to get full help information about command line usage

## 🤨 Options

### Mouse debug

```plaintext
--mouse-debug
```

In case you don't know what each of your mouse button ID is.  
This will log into stdout and notification daemon

## 🕹️ Commands

### Daemon

```shell
way-edges daemon
```

Runs the application daemon.  
Add `RUST_LOG=debug/info/warn/error` to show logs, for more information, please see [env_logger](https://docs.rs/env_logger/latest/env_logger/)

Only one instance of the daemon can be running at a time.

### Add group

```shell
way-edges add <group_name>
```

Show a group of widgets to the application given `group_name`.  
You can not add the same group multiple times.

### Remove group

```shell
way-edges rm <group_name>
```

Remove a group of widgets from the application given `group_name`.

### Quit

```shell
way-edges quit
```

Quits the daemon.

### 📌 Pin/Unpin widget

```
way-edges togglepin <group_name>:<widget_name>
```

Most of the widgets support `pin`, use `group name` + `:` + `widget name` to toggle a widget's pin state.

## Shell completions

### Bash

If you install way-edges via [way-edges-bin](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/way-edges-bin/), then you'll get completion script installed to `/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/way-edges`.

Else then you'll have to copy the `https://github.com/way-edges/way-edges/blob/master/way-edges-bash-complete.bash` file to that place(you can rename it to `way-edges`).

### Other shell

For other shell, you'll have to generate it on your own:

```shell
$ COMPLETE=zsh way-edges
```

But there might be some issues generating completions after colon, you can either find a way and modify the script on your own, or submit an issue on GitHub.

### _AS A REMINDER_:

current clap version: 4.5.20
current clap-complete version: 4.5.36

The doc for dynamic completion is not robust(it's still in `unstable-xx` feature), it doesn't show the right way of generating dynamic completion script.  
And also, to avoid the misbehave of completion with colon(`:`), i have to modify the completion script my own.
