# Button

Button widget provides mouse event map, you can specify `mouse key ID` along with the `shell command` which will be executed when button is clicked with that key.

> [!TIP]
> This widget can't be pinned

_Example:_

```json
{
  "edge": "top",
  "position": "left",
  "layer": "overlay",
  "margin": {
    "left": "25%"
  },
  "widget": {
    "type": "btn",
    "width": 15,
    "height": "25%",
    "frame_rate": 90,
    "transition_duration": 150,
    "extra_trigger_size": 5,
    "event_map": [
      [1, "hyprctl dispatch movefocus l"],
      [3, "hyprctl dispatch 'workspace -1'"]
    ]
  }
}
```

_`*` means required property_.

## `type*`

```plaintext
const `btn`
```

## `width*`

**\*Thickness\*** of the button, from screen edge to the screen center.

Support relative value, **_but don't recommend using relative value for this property_**.

_Type: `int | string`_

## `height*`

Length of the button.

Support relative value.

_Type: `int | string`_

## `frame_rate`

Frame rate per second, won't hurt if over screen refresh rate.

_Type: `int`_  
_Default: `60`_

## `transition_duration`

Time cost of showing the widget from the edge.  
Millisecond.

_Type: `int`_  
_Default: `100`_

## `extra_trigger_size`

Extra mouse event input region of the widget, if `0` then the widget won't be shown by mouse hover.

_Type: `int | string`_  
_Default: `5`_

## `color`

Color of the button.

Support: `#rgb`/`#rrggbb`/`#rrrgggbbb`/`rgb(r, g, b)`/`rgba(r, g, b, a)`...  
For full info, check [RGBA](https://gtk-rs.org/gtk4-rs/stable/latest/docs/src/gdk4/rgba.rs.html#205)

_Type: `string`_  
_Default: `#7B98FF`_

## `event_map`

Array of tuples. each tuple contains `mouse key ID` and `shell command`:  
`[<mouse_key_id>, <shell_command>]`

This event map does not support `long press`/`doule press`/`hover event`... only support single click.

Default mouse keys:

- `1` - Left button
- `2` - Middle button
- `3` - Right button
- ...others you need to test on your self by passing `--mouse-debug`: `way-edges daemon --mouse-debug`

_Type: `[[int, string]...]`_  
_Default: `[]`_
