# Slide

A slider, with `on_change` property which will be executing a shell command when value changes.

You can use `Slider` as status bar with `update_with_interval_ms` to update the progress on a regular interval.

_Example:_

```json
{
  "edge": "top",
  "widget": {
    "type": "slide",
    "width": 20,
    "height": 400,
    "transition_duration": 100,
    "frame_rate": 120,
    "bg_color": "#0D47A1",
    "fg_color": "#29B6F6",
    "text_color": "#fff",
    "border_color": "#000",
    "on_change": "notify-send {progress}"
  }
}
```

## `type*`

```plaintext
const `slide`
```

## `width*`

**\*Thickness\*** of the widget, from screen edge to the screen center.

Support relative value, **_but don't recommend using relative value for this property_**.

## `height*`

Length of the widget.

Support relative value, **_but don't recommend using relative value for this property_**.

## `frame_rate`

Frame rate per second, won't hurt if over screen refresh rate.

Default: `60`

## `transition_duration`

Time cost of showing the widget from the edge. millisecond.

Default: `100`

## `extra_trigger_size`

Extra mouse event input region of the widget, if `0` then the widget won't be shown by mouse hover.

Default: `5`

## `event_map`

Array of tuples. each tuple contains `mouse key ID` and `shell command`:  
`[<mouse_key_id>, <shell_command>]`

This event map does not support `long press`/`doule press`/`hover event`... only support single click.

Default mouse keys:

- `1` - Left button
- `2` - Middle button
- `3` - Right button
- ...others you need to test on your self by passing `--mouse-debug`: `way-edges daemon --mouse-debug`

## `on_change`

Command to execute, replace '{progress}' with the progress from 0-1.

Default: empty string

## `draggable`

Is progress in slide changeable by mouse left click drag.

Default: `true`

## `update_with_interval_ms`

Array of tuples. each tuple contains `millisecond` and `shell command`:  
`[<millisecond>, <shell_command>]`

For `shell command`, the returned value must be a number within `[0, 1]`.

Example: `[1000, \"echo 0.2333\"]`

## `bg_color`

Color of the background of widget, support: `#rgb`/`#rrggbb`/`#rrrgggbbb`/`rgb(r, g, b)`/`rgba(r, g, b, a)`...

For full info, check [RGBA](https://gtk-rs.org/gtk4-rs/stable/latest/docs/src/gdk4/rgba.rs.html#205)

Default: `#808080`

## `fg_color`

Color of the foreground of widget, support: `#rgb`/`#rrggbb`/`#rrrgggbbb`/`rgb(r, g, b)`/`rgba(r, g, b, a)`...

For full info, check [RGBA](https://gtk-rs.org/gtk4-rs/stable/latest/docs/src/gdk4/rgba.rs.html#205)

Default: `#FFB847`

## `border_color`

Color of the border of widget, support: `#rgb`/`#rrggbb`/`#rrrgggbbb`/`rgb(r, g, b)`/`rgba(r, g, b, a)`...

For full info, check [RGBA](https://gtk-rs.org/gtk4-rs/stable/latest/docs/src/gdk4/rgba.rs.html#205)

Default: `#646464`

## `text_color`

Color of the text of widget, support: `#rgb`/`#rrggbb`/`#rrrgggbbb`/`rgb(r, g, b)`/`rgba(r, g, b, a)`...

For full info, check [RGBA](https://gtk-rs.org/gtk4-rs/stable/latest/docs/src/gdk4/rgba.rs.html#205)

Default: `#000000`

## `preview_size`

How much area should the widget reveal when hidden

Default: `3`

## `progress_direction`

Progress bar: `Forward/Backward`

Default: `Forward`

## `is_text_position_start`

Which side percentage info at, start or end of the widget

Default: `true`

## `obtuse_angle`

The 2 obtuse angle in trapezoid, set it within `[90, 180)`, when `90`, you'll get a square.

Default: `120`

## `radius`

Radius of the rounded corners for 2 obtuse angle in trapezoid.

Default: `20`
