# Ring

Ring progress, Clockwise direction: `$$\frac{π}{2}$$` > `$$\frac{-3π}{2}$$`.

This widget can only be as a stand alone widget, it should be contained with in a `Box`.

Ring provide some basic presets for system info.

```json
{
  "frame_rate": 144,
  "type": "ring",
  "preset": "disk",
  "prefix": "Disk "
}
```

## `bg_color`

Color of the background of widget, support: `#rgb`/`#rrggbb`/`#rrrgggbbb`/`rgb(r, g, b)`/`rgba(r, g, b, a)`...

For full info, check [RGBA](https://gtk-rs.org/gtk4-rs/stable/latest/docs/src/gdk4/rgba.rs.html#205)

Default: `#808080`

## `fg_color`

Color of the foreground of widget, support: `#rgb`/`#rrggbb`/`#rrrgggbbb`/`rgb(r, g, b)`/`rgba(r, g, b, a)`...

For full info, check [RGBA](https://gtk-rs.org/gtk4-rs/stable/latest/docs/src/gdk4/rgba.rs.html#205)

Default: `#FFB847`

## `frame_rate`

Frame rate per second, won't hurt if over screen refresh rate.

Default: `60`

## `transition_duration`

Time cost of showing the widget from the edge. millisecond.

Default: `100`

## `radius`

Radius of the ring.

Default: `13`

## `ring_width`

Ring width, should be less than radius.

Default: `5`

## `prefix`

Text on the left side of the ring.

Default: `empty string`

## `font_family`

Font family of all text within ring widget.

Default: `empty` to use default system font.

## `preset`

Preset update function of the ring:

Can be a `string` or `object`, `string` can only be `ram/swap/cpu/battery/disk`

### `ram`

#### `type*`

```plaintext
const `ram`
```

### `swap`

#### `type*`

```plaintext
const `swap`
```

### `cpu`

#### `type*`

```plaintext
const `cpu`
```

### `battery`

#### `type*`

```plaintext
const `battery`
```

### `disk`

#### `type*`

```plaintext
const `disk`
```

#### `partition`

Disk partition.

Default: `/`

### `custom`

#### `type*`

```plaintext
const `custom`
```

#### `update_with_interval_ms`

Update progress with command given milliseconds.  
Progress must be between 0 and 1.  
You can disable template by not providing text.

Example: `[1000, "printf \"0.2333\\n23.33%\""]`
